JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
The race for president tightens
with only
five days left.
Hillary Clinton invokes the
Chicago Cubs,
saying maybe she will make
history too, while
Donald Trump says he will make
America proud.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Thursday,
we sit down with U.S. envoy to
the anti-terrorism
coalition, as U.S.-backed Iraqi
troops push
into ISIS-held Mosul for the
first time in
two years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how the
campaign could
affect the Donald Trump brand,
Making Sense
of what a presidential election
can do to
a business empire.
LINDA GOTTLIEB, Film and TV
Producer: If you
think of Trump, and you think of
beautiful
lobbies and well-built
buildings, then of
course the brand is worth
something.
But if you think of Trump and
you think of
racist, misogynist, lying, then
the brand
is certainly worth a lot less.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Plus:
MAN: The Cubs win the World
Series!
HARI SREENIVASAN: One for the
ages: how the
Chicago Cubs went all the way in
one of the
most dramatic finishes in World
Series history.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
HARI SREENIVASAN: Critical
states along the
Eastern Seaboard are echoing
with campaign
appeals tonight.
The candidates, and top
supporters, have been
out in force today, as the days
before the
election dwindle to a final few.
Lisa Desjardins begins our
coverage.
LISA DESJARDINS: This is what
the scramble
for votes looks like five days
before Election
Day: Hillary Clinton in North
Carolina and
President Obama, campaigning for
her in Florida,
both holding college rallies,
both pitching
to younger voters, plus,
campaign manager
Robby Mook on a TV talk show,
"The View,"
reaching out to women voters.
On the other side, Donald Trump
kept up his
Florida focus today, while V.P.
nominee Mike
Pence spoke on a farm in Iowa,
going for the
rural vote and with him a
surprise companion,
Ted Cruz, former sharp Trump
rival today campaigning
for his team for the first time.
SEN.
TED CRUZ (R), Texas: If you care
about the
Constitution and Bill of Rights.
LISA DESJARDINS: And aiming for
conservative
votes.
This as voting itself is well
under way, with
more than 31 million early and
absentee ballots
already cast.
That's about a quarter of all
the votes expected
this year.
In general, Democrats want and
usually need
a big lead in early votes.
That's something they had both
times President
Obama won.
It's not yet clear they will get
it this year.
Trump's latest strategy to win
votes?
Part one, a sharply stepped-up
attack on Hillary
Clinton, not just talking about
current FBI
questions, but going much
further than the
FBI about what may be next.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
Here we go again with Clinton.
You remember the impeachment and
the problems.
She is likely to be under
investigation for
many, many years, also likely to
conclude
in a criminal trial.
This is not what we need in this
country,
folks.
LISA DESJARDINS: Top Democrats,
like V.P.
nominee Tim Kaine and House
Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi, are pushing back
strongly, saying
Republicans should stop talk of
possibly impeaching
Clinton.
Meanwhile, in Pennsylvania,
Melania Trump
reached out in her first
campaign event since
the GOP Convention.
MELANIA TRUMP, Wife of Donald
Trump: Do we
want a country that respects
woman and provides
them with equal opportunity?
AUDIENCE: Yes!
LISA DESJARDINS: But in Miami,
President Obama
questioned whether Mrs. Trump's
her husband
truly does respect women.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
Who you are, what you are
doesn't change after
you occupy the Oval Office.
All it does is magnify who you
are.
All it does is shine a spotlight
on who you
are.
If you disrespected women before
you were
in office, you will disrespect
women as president.
LISA DESJARDINS: And Clinton
highlighted the
idea of character again in North
Carolina.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
Someone who thinks the lives of
black people
are all crime and poverty and
despair, he
has no idea.
LISA DESJARDINS: It is, as it
has been, a
race about character and whose
character voters
question more.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: There's
word of a dispute inside the FBI
over claims
of corruption at the Clinton
Foundation.
The Wall Street Journal reports
that it stems
from secret recordings of an
unnamed suspect
talking about the foundation.
The report says that some agents
believed
the recordings showed financial
misconduct.
But senior officials considered
the evidence
hearsay and too weak to pursue.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Two American
soldiers were
killed today in fierce fighting
in Northern
Afghanistan.
Four others were wounded.
They'd been aiding Afghan
special forces near
Kunduz on a raid that killed two
senior Taliban
commanders.
But 26 civilians also died,
sparking protests
against NATO airstrikes.
The strikes were called in to
aid the U.S.
and Afghan forces.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A British court
has thrown
a roadblock in the path to
Brexit, the move
to quit the European Union.
The court ruled today that the
U.K. government
must first have Parliament's
approval before
beginning the process.
Speaking outside the court, the
lead claimant
in the case implored the
government not to
appeal the ruling.
GINA MILLER, Lead Claimant: It's
now to the
government what they do.
And I hope that the M.P.s will
do their job
and actually debate this in a
sober, grown-up
way, because leading up to the
vote, we didn't
have sober, honest, rational
debates.
So it's now over to the
politicians.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In response,
Prime Minister
Theresa May's government said
that it will
appeal the ruling.
The country's Supreme Court
plans to take
it up in early December.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The world is
far from meeting
ambitious goals in the Paris
agreement on
climate change.
The U.N. Environment Program
said today in
London that only faster action
can limit global
warming to 2 degrees Celsius by
2030.
That means huge additional cuts
in greenhouse
gas emissions.
JACQUELINE MCGLADE, U.N.
Environment Program:
The gap between where we need to
be and where
we are today is something
equivalent to what
we call gigatons of carbon; 15
of those are
what's required.
We need to reduce that every
year.
That's the same as saying we
have to take
all the cars off the roads of
Europe every
year 15 times over.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Paris
climate pact formally
takes effect tomorrow, but it
lacks any enforcement
measures.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in this
country, new evidence
today that progress made by
President Obama's
health care insurance overhaul
is stalling.
The Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention
reports 28.4 million Americans
lacked health
insurance as of July.
But that was an improvement of
only 200,000
from one year earlier.
It's partly because fewer
private insurance
companies are choosing to take
part, and premium
costs are rising sharply.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Prosecutors in
Charleston,
South Carolina, began calling
witnesses today
in the killing of an unarmed
black motorist;
50-year-old Walter Scott was
shot in the back
five times after running from a
traffic stop
in April 2015.
Former police officer Michael
Slager is charged
with murder in the case.
Today, the prosecutor argued
there's no justification
for what Slager did.
The defense said Scott bears the
blame for
resisting arrest and running
away.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, on Wall
Street, stocks
slipped for the eighth session
in a row, reacting
partly to the presidential race
getting tighter.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost about
29 points to close at 17930.
The Nasdaq fell 47 points, and
the S&P 500
dropped nine.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Still to come
on the "NewsHour":
Democrats' efforts to boost the
minority vote
and the GOP's struggle to keep
its suburban
stronghold; a view from
America's top diplomat
in the fight against ISIS;
Making Sense of
Donald Trump's brand; and much
more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We begin tonight
with politics
and the final push in the race
for the White
House.
Get-out-the-vote efforts are
crucial in these
last days of the campaign,
including outreach
to minority voters.
Joining us now to break it down
are Cornell
Belcher.
He's a Democratic strategist and
the author
of "A Black Man in the White
House."
Michael McDonald, an early
voting expert at
the University of Florida.
And Mark Hugo Lopez, he's
director of Hispanic
research at the Pew Research
Center.
And we welcome all three of you
to the program.
Mr. McDonald, we're waiting to
get our audio
issue straightened out with you.
So I'm going to start with
Cornell Belcher
right here in Washington.
What is the -- how well has the
Clinton campaign
done so far in terms of reaching
out to minorities
and especially to
African-Americans?
CORNELL BELCHER, Democratic
Strategist: Well,
you know, I talked to the
Clinton campaign
over the last two days and one
of their minds
there that is taking a look at
the numbers.
What They're saying is, they
actually have
banked right now more raw votes
for African-Americans
and Hispanics than we actually
did in 2012.
I worked on the Obama campaign
in 2012.
Now, Judy, if you had told me
six months ago,
with the enthusiasm sort of
narrative that
we have, that right now in
Florida the Clinton
campaign would be arguing that
they have 74
percent more African-Americans
banked in early
vote right now than we did in
2012, I would
laugh at you.
But looking at the numbers that
they have
right now, it looks like early
voting is up
across the board in Florida, but
particularly
among Hispanics in Florida.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, when you use
the word banked,
you mean people who have already
gone to the
polls, have already voted, and
they can count
on it?
CORNELL BELCHER: And we think
from their past
performance, they are Democratic
voters.
And so when they look at 74
percent of more
African-Americans in the polling
places right
now in the early vote, they're
banking that
as 90 percent of that being
their vote.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mark Hugo Lopez,
let me ask
you the same question with
regard to the Latino
community across the country.
We know it's different in every
state, but
how would you describe at this
point the outreach
that both campaigns have made
into the Latino
community in terms of getting
out the vote?
MARK HUGO LOPEZ, Director of
Hispanic Research,
Pew Research Center: There has
been a focus
on getting out the Latino vote
in states that
are battleground states.
That's certainly the case in
Florida.
That's been the case in Nevada
as well.
But also some polling has shown
that in places
like California and Texas,
which, by the way,
has half of Hispanic voters,
there has not
been as much outreach.
And that's really been a pattern
we have seen
over the course of the last few
election cycles.
Nonetheless, when you look at a
place like
Florida, you see two million
Hispanics registered
to vote.
That's a record number, but it's
also up what
one would expect -- by the
amount one would
expect to see given population
growth in the
state.
So those early voter numbers for
Hispanics
are partly a reflection of just
the fact that
there are more Hispanics
eligible to vote
and registered to vote.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, you're saying
it's just
a natural outgrowth of the
change in demographics
to some extent?
MARK HUGO LOPEZ: That's a big
part of the
story for Hispanics, not all of
it, but a
part of the story.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right,
Michael McDonald,
you're in Florida, but you take
a look at
the whole country.
What does the picture look like
nationally?
We heard our Lisa Desjardins
report earlier
about 30 million Americans have
already voted.
Who's turning out and where?
MICHAEL MCDONALD, University of
Florida: Yes,
we're up to 34 million at least.
We will probably be up to 35
million, 36 million
by the end of the day.
When we look across the country,
we're seeing
uneven levels of turnout, but on
most places,
we're seeing record numbers of
people who
have voted early.
In six states now, we are above
the 2012 numbers
already.
And we have several days of
early voting left
to go.
So, in many places, places like
Texas is running
well ahead of their 2012
numbers.
Louisiana, Florida, where I'm
at, we're already
at our 2012 numbers.
And then there are some places
that have changed
their election law that have
expanded early
voting.
Places like Minnesota and
Massachusetts have
also reached their levels of
2012.
But there are -- while we see
lots of voting
going on in some places, other
places, we're
seeing not -- places where
they're not reaching
their 2012 levels.
That's primarily in the Midwest.
Places like Iowa and Ohio seem
to be a little
bit running behind their 2012
levels.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, just quickly,
staying with
you, Michael McDonald, are you
saying that
this bodes well for one --
probably bodes
well for one campaign or
another, or is it
possible to know?
MICHAEL MCDONALD: Well, you have
to take them
on a state-by-state basis,
because each state
is a snowflake.
And, so, where I mentioned
earlier where turnout
is down, that's primarily among
Democrats.
And we have seen resistance in
the polls to
Clinton in places like Iowa and
Ohio.
There is some recent movement
towards -- where
Democrats seem to be getting
more engaged,
particularly in Ohio.
I think both of those states are
going to
be razor-thin come election
night.
So, if we look at our
battleground states,
the battleground states and the
early vote
is reflecting that, by and
large.
However, there are two states I
think that
are well worth watching prior to
Election
Day, Colorado and Nevada.
Both of them are going to have a
large number
of early votes.
We're already at half the total
turnout of
2012.
We're going to go even higher on
the early
vote.
Right now, both of those states
look pretty
good for the Democrats.
There is some more time left,
but, right now,
if I were the Clinton campaign,
I would be
more pleased with those numbers
out of those
states than the Trump campaign.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Cornell Belcher,
we have heard
some criticism of the Clinton
campaign from
friendly Democrats who are
saying they should
have done more earlier to reach
out especially
in the African-American
community, in Florida,
in particular, that there hasn't
been the
outreach that there could have
been.
What do you know about that?
CORNELL BELCHER: Well, listen, I
understand
some of the frustration.
And from someone who has worked
on a campaign
that I thought was pretty good,
when we took
our fair criticism as well, I
hear the conversation
about -- particularly around
younger African-Americans
and sort of younger millennials
in general.
Judy, the key number here for a
lot of these
places, quite frankly, are these
younger minorities,
right, the millennials.
When you look at what we were
able to do in
2008 and 2012, we did that,
expand the electorate,
largely by bringing in younger
voters.
There has been a conversation
that not enough
resources and time have gone to
chase those
younger voters than what we have
seen in the
past.
I did focus groups about three
weeks ago in
Charlotte, really quickly, with
some younger
African-Americans, who their key
issue, Judy,
is racism and police brutality.
And when I showed them a policy
platform on
that, they didn't know it was
Hillary Clinton's
policy platform at all.
They're not getting the
information that's
critical to them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mark Hugo Lopez,
what about
in looking at the Latino
community?
Do you see -- you know, whether
you look at
the raw turnout numbers or not,
but do you
see the enthusiasm in the
Hispanic and Latino
community and especially among
younger Latinos?
MARK HUGO LOPEZ: That's a really
good question.
When you take a look at the
Hispanic electorate,
there's 27 million who are
eligible to vote
this year, but 44 percent of
those are millennials.
So the youth vote is more
important for Latinos
than it is for others.
And here's where there has been
some real
interesting numbers.
Many of those Latino millennials
are going
to be voting for the first time,
but also
many say that they're choosing
to support
Hillary Clinton in order to vote
against Donald
Trump.
That suggests that perhaps they
aren't as
enthusiastic about Hillary
Clinton.
But, all in all, with regards to
turnout this
year compared to the past, it
remains to be
seen where we will be, whether
we will have
a record 13 million or perhaps
more, depending
on how much outreach there is
from the campaigns
and various get-out-the-vote
efforts.
But I think that's still an
unknown question,
exactly where we will be with
Hispanic turnout.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean 13
million particularly
with regard to Latino vote?
MARK HUGO LOPEZ: That's correct,
13 million
Hispanic voters would be what --
is what one
would expect, given trends and
turnout over
the last few election cycles.
And that would be a record
turnout.
But it's possible that we could
see more than
13 million, which would start to
make 2016
an unusual year for Hispanic
turnout, compared
to 2012, for example.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Michael McDonald,
we know you
have looked at early voting for
a long time.
A lot's been written this year
about how much
better organized -- and there's
evidence of
this -- the Clinton is than the
Trump camp
on the ground, the get-out --
the actual physical
get-out-the-vote effort.
At this stage in a campaign, how
much difference
can an organization like that
make?
MICHAEL MCDONALD: So, you have
to understand
what happens with the way in
which elections
are administered.
When someone votes, the election
officials
are of course recording that to
make sure
that someone doesn't vote more
than once.
And then the election officials
share that
with the campaigns.
Sometimes, they're also sharing
it with the
public, which is how we collect
information.
And the campaigns then look at
their support
lists.
They have got -- they know who
they want to
turn out to vote.
And if they see someone that has
already voted,
they scratch them off the list
and then they
start moving down the list.
And what early voting does for a
well-organized
campaign, it allows them to
extend their mobilization
efforts over more days.
It allows them to go deeper down
into their
list and hit more people, some
of those low-
to moderate-propensity voters
who need that
extra nudge to get to the polls.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In other words,
if you do have
a good ground organization, you
can benefit?
It can make a difference?
MICHAEL MCDONALD: Absolutely.
Yes.
But you have to realize, this is
a bug, not
a feature, of the Democratic
coalition.
The Democratic coalition is more
likely made
up of young people, persons of
color, other
people who have moderate -- more
often are
moderate- to low-propensity
voters than the
Republicans.
So the Democrats, by their very
nature of
their coalition, need to have a
much greater,
larger mobilization organization
than the
Republicans.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We hear you.
Michael McDonald, Mark Hugo
Lopez and Cornell
Belcher, thank you, all three.
We appreciate it.
MICHAEL MCDONALD: You're
welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We turn our
attention now to
another way demographic shifts
are shaping
this election.
The suburbs outside of cities
like Denver,
Colorado, and Richmond, Virginia
used to be
pretty reliable Republican
strongholds, but
now they are trending more
Democratic.
It's a phenomenon showing up
across the country,
with clear implications for this
election.
The "NewsHour"'s Daniel Bush has
spent time
looking into what is behind the
change, and
he's with me now.
So, Dan Bush, you have spent, I
know, a lot
of effort and time looking at
this.
First of all, define what we
mean by suburbs
here.
DANIEL BUSH: Sure, Judy.
So, it's a broad category,
obviously, but
when demographers and others are
looking at
this issue, particularly in
political terms,
what they're talking about is
towns and communities
that are clustered in greater
metropolitan
regions around cities like
Denver or Richmond,
as you mentioned.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And so what did
you find?
DANIEL BUSH: So, you know, as
you said, for
many decades after World War II,
suburbs were
predominantly white,
predominantly middle
or upper middle class and also
conservative.
These are communities where
people voted for
Ronald Reagan or Richard Nixon
by 30-plus
points in many counties around
the country.
But what we're seeing in the
last two decades
especially is a demographic
shift.
Now suburban America is younger,
more diverse
and more liberal than it's ever
been before.
And it's having a clear impact
on the way
that these areas are voting.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, let's take
those one at
a time and start with younger.
How are the suburbs getting
younger?
DANIEL BUSH: I was struck in
doing some of
this reporting by the amount of
people I met
who were millennials, people
that are age
18 to 35 who live in suburbs not
necessarily
because it's their first choice.
Sure, there are some people who
move out there
for all the traditional reasons,
for a bigger
home, for a better public school
district,
but a lot of younger people
would prefer to
live in cities, but they can no
longer afford
to, because major cities like
D.C., like New
York City, like Denver and other
places, have
become so expensive, that it's
hard to afford
to live, to rent or even buy a
home there.
And so they're settling in
suburbs and they're
bringing sort of a different
culture and a
different political attitude
with them as
well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you're saying
at the same
time they're getting younger,
they're also
getting more diverse.
How is that happening?
DANIEL BUSH: So, as recently as
1990, census
data shows that 81 percent of
America's suburban
population was white.
By 2010, that number has dropped
to 65 percent
and it has gone down even
further since then.
So, as a result, we see that
more and more
African-Americans, Hispanics and
Asians are
moving to the suburbs, to the
point that now
all three of those groups, a
majority of those
groups live in suburban
communities, not in
urban areas.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And this may go
hand in hand
with the other two when you talk
about getting
younger and getting more
diverse.
But you're saying the suburbs
are also getting
more liberal.
DANIEL BUSH: Yes.
As we heard in the last segment,
these communities
tend to vote more Democratic,
whether it's
African-American voters or
Hispanics or millennials.
Those are groups that vote in
larger numbers
for Democrats.
And they're living in a place
where, in the
past, a majority of the voters
were Republican,
but now they're there.
They're voting Democratic.
And we're seeing a really
interesting shift
play out all over the country.
So, take a county, for example,
like Arapahoe
outside of Denver, where,
through the '50s,
'60s, '70s, and '80s, the
Republican nominee
was getting more than 30 percent
of the vote
in presidential elections.
By the '90s, that had dropped
into the teens.
Barack Obama won Arapahoe County
for the first
time in 40 years.
Hillary Clinton is doing very
well there.
And we're seeing that same trend
play out
in key battleground states, from
Ohio, to
Virginia, to North Carolina, and
beyond.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Dan, if this
is what is
happening across the country,
what can Republicans
do about it?
How do they put out an appealing
message with
these demographics?
DANIEL BUSH: It's a good
question, Judy.
This is something that the
Republican Party
is really struggling with.
But there are people in the
party who see
the suburbs as a sort of key
battleground
that they can maybe win back or
win over if
they make a sort of new appeal
to suburbanites,
especially these younger, more
liberal suburbanites
that we're talking about.
So, people I spoke with said
that if the Republican
Party can move to the middle on
some social
issues, can focus more on taxes
and the economy
and so forth, instead of
same-sex marriage
or abortion, and other
hot-button topics,
they might be able to win over
this new class
of suburbanites.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And do you have a
sense of
whether that's already
happening?
DANIEL BUSH: Well, it's hard to
tell.
It is happening in some places.
We're seeing Republicans are
hanging on still
in some suburban areas.
I was down in Henrico County in
Richmond,
and that was certainly the case.
But, overall, it's a big problem
for them
right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Daniel Bush on
the suburbs,
thank you very much.
DANIEL BUSH: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The battle to
retake Iraq's
second-largest city, Mosul, from
ISIS is nearing
the end of its third week.
For an update on how the
operation is proceeding
and the larger fight against the
extremists
in Iraq and Syria, we turn to
Brett McGurk.
He's the special presidential
envoy for the
Global Coalition to Counter
ISIL.
I spoke with him a short time
ago from the
State Department.
Brett McGurk, thanks for joining
us.
In the past few weeks, we have
seen the images
of forces slowly moving into the
suburbs of
Mosul.
How long is it going to take to
retake the
city?
BRETT MCGURK, Special
Presidential Envoy for
the Global Coalition to Counter
ISIL: Well,
Hari, thanks for having me.
I just got back from about a
week in Iraq.
And we're the third weekend of
this operation.
This is really a multimonth
operation to clear
and hold and stabilize a city of
this size.
We have always expected ISIL to
defend the
city.
They have suicide bombers.
They're quite literally a
suicidal movement.
They have spent two years
digging tunnels
and defenses.
What you saw over the last
couple of weeks
was really the Iraqi security
forces and the
Peshmerga pushing through kind
of the outer
crust of the defense.
And they broke through that
about a week ago.
And now we have a fairly rapid
advance, particularly
into the western area of the
city.
And the other axes are also
catching up.
And it's really going ahead of
schedule right
now.
But I would just caution your
viewers that
this will take some time.
HARI SREENIVASAN: OK, you said
something.
Best-case scenario, let's say
you're able
to capture and hold.
That third word, stabilize, the
easy part
might be the capture and hold.
How do you balance all the
different ethnic
tensions that are already there?
And we have also seen images of
tanks coming
in waving Shia flags.
That's flaring some of these
tensions back
up?
BRETT MCGURK: Well, so, we have
been at this
for two years now in Iran.
We have taken back over 55
percent of territory
that ISIL used to hold in Iraq.
And, so far, ISIL has not
retaken any territory.
And there is a reason for that.
We're not only focused on the
operations to
win the military battle, but
also on what
comes next.
So we call it stabilization.
That's really about getting
people back into
their homes, returning the
internally displaced
people to their homes.
This is extraordinarily
difficult.
If you look historically in a
context like
this of how long it's going to
take, it can
take years, if ever.
But if you look at the situation
in Iraq,
I will just give you some
examples.
The city of Tikrit, that's a
Sunni Arab city
in a mixed province.
ISIL cleared out the entire
population.
And by working locally with
local leaders
-- and the central government
led by Prime
Minister Abadi has a policy of
decentralization,
of really trying to empower
people from the
bottom up.
The entire population of Tikrit
has returned
to their homes.
This is extremely difficult.
We will apply the same lessons
in Mosul that
we have applied as in other
areas of the country.
We will work with the local
officials, the
local governor, the local
council and all
the local notables to ensure
that the stabilization
resources are in place, and the
resources
are in place, and that we have a
governing
structure in place.
So, it's difficult, but we will
use the same
model that we used in other
places.
It will take time.
There will be problems, but I
think, so far,
we're off to a pretty good
start.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right, so
I know you
have still got a lot of work
ahead of you
in Mosul, but let's look forward
to Raqqa
a little bit.
This seems to be an ISIL
stronghold.
This is certainly on the target
list for anybody
who wants to take out ISIL.
When does that happen?
Who helps us with that?
BRETT MCGURK: Well, I would just
say it will
be starting pretty soon.
And one reason it will be
starting pretty
soon is that Raqqa -- you know,
if Mosul is
kind of their national capital
-- this is
where Baghdadi declared their
phony caliphate
-- Raqqa is their administrative
capital.
Raqqa is where they're planning
and plotting
attacks against us, against our
partiers.
We're obviously using
intelligence and all
sorts of information sources to
eliminate
those leaders when we find them.
Most importantly, Muhammad
Adnani was their
overall operational planner of
external attacks.
He was in Raqqa for some time.
We were able to find and locate
him and ultimately
eliminate him and some of his
deputies in
an area to just the west of
Raqqa.
We're talking with our local
forces on the
ground and we're talking, of
course, with
our allies in Turkey.
We're talking with the Syrian
opposition constantly
about the force makeup that will
be needed
to liberate the city of Raqqa in
a way that
is ultimately stabilizing.
HARI SREENIVASAN: We seem to
have a tricky
set of partnerships here in
going after ISIL.
On the one hand, you have got
Turkey, a strong
NATO ally.
And, on the other hand, you have
got the Syrian
Kurds or the YPG, which we have
been allied
with, but here are our two
allies really actively
fighting against each other.
Turkey has just recently bombed
the YPG in
multiple locations.
They don't want the Kurds
involved in retaking
Raqqa in any way.
You have got -- how do you get
both of these
partners to be on mission?
BRETT MCGURK: Yes, so, I mean,
obviously,
it's an inherently complex
situation.
And that's why we're constantly
engaged with
all of these different actors.
And we're very determined to
make sure that
we are totally transparent with
Turkey with
every single thing we are doing
in Syria.
And we're also working with our
partners on
the ground inside Syria, the
Syrian Democratic
forces, and with the Syrian
opposition.
And what we try to do is try to
encourage
as much as possible a united
focus on ISIL.
Ultimately, what we're doing is
liberating
territory that is inside Syria.
We want Syrians from the local
area to liberate
their own territory.
The fundamental premise of this
campaign against
ISIL, at least in Iraq and
Syria, it's a global
campaign, but in the Iraq and
Syria component,
is locally based forces to hold
ground after
ISIL is gone.
And I think that's one reason we
have actually
been able to hold the territory
that we have
retaken from ISIL.
You look at what we have done,
for example,
in Anbar Province, and it's the
same premise
in Syria.
So, as we begin to move south
towards Raqqa,
the forces that we want as a
vanguard to that
force are locally based Arab
forces who know
the terrain and know the
territory.
We have a number of them already
signed up.
We have the training platforms
ready to go.
And this is all being done as we
speak.
So, I think you will see some
initial movement
towards Raqqa fairly soon.
And I'm not going to get too far
ahead of
our military colleagues as they
put this together.
But we have to move on Raqqa
soon.
We have to move on it fast.
But we have to move on it in a
very deliberate
and smart way.
And that will require constant
engagement
with all of our partners, many
of whom, of
course, do have divergent
opinions and divergent
viewpoints.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Brett McGurk,
thanks for joining us.
BRETT MCGURK: Thanks so much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": two
men give
their personal advice on staying
out of jail;
and the curse is broken -- the
Chicago Cubs
celebrate their first World
Series championship
in 108 years.
But first: How is the
presidential campaign
affecting Donald Trump's
business empire and
the brand that is so central to
it?
Our economics correspondent,
Paul Solman,
has the story.
It's part of his weekly series,
Making Sense.
PAUL SOLMAN: From the get-go,
Donald Trump
the candidate has pushed Donald
Trump the
brand.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
We have Trump Steaks.
And, by the way, if you want to
take one,
we will charge you about, what,
50 bucks a
steak.
"Trump" magazine is out.
And it's called "The Jewel of
Palm Beach."
And we -- it's all -- it goes
all of my clubs.
I have had it for many years.
And it's the magazine.
It's great.
Anybody want one?
Here, take one.
PAUL SOLMAN: But it's not so
much products
Trump's been hyping as his
locations, locations
and locations.
DONALD TRUMP: A lot of people
think this will
be the greatest par three
anywhere in the
world.
It's 800 acres in the middle of
Miami.
It's been a tremendous success.
This is the most coveted piece
of real estate
in Washington, D.C.
PAUL SOLMAN: Coveted, that had
been the mark
of a Trump-branded property.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF, Brand
Consultant: If you
were looking for an apartment,
is this place
OK for you?
PAUL SOLMAN: Yes.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF: How about this
place with
the big Trump on it?
PAUL SOLMAN: Brand consultant
Robert Passikoff
has studied Donald Trump for
decades.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF: He was a human
brand.
He was an icon for the good
life.
People aspire to luxury.
They aspire to glamour.
They aspire to money.
The great brands imbue what
would just be
a product with real, real values
that people
aspire to.
PAUL SOLMAN: For which they have
been willing
to pony up a premium, 30 percent
for condos
and hotel rooms.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF: You and I
could have built
the building, and it could've
been a wonderfully
luxurious building, and we could
get $1,000
dollars a square foot for our
apartments.
But if we put the Trump name on
it, we could
get $1,300 or more for it.
PAUL SOLMAN: The value of
Trump's brand going
forward was actually a matter of
public dispute
before the campaign.
He claimed it was worth $3.3
billion.
"Forbes" magazine put the total
at just $125
million.
So, what is the human brand
known as Trump
really worth?
One recent hint, the latest
jewel in the crown,
Washington, D.C.'s old post
office building,
now a deluxe hotel, which the
Trumps debuted
just last week.
DONALD TRUMP: Many, many years
of love and
happiness and everything else.
PAUL SOLMAN: Inside, love and
happiness.
Outside, not so much.
PROTESTERS: The people united
will never be
defeated.
PAUL SOLMAN: More ominous for
the Trump brand,
rooms expected to fetch $700 or
more a night
have been advertised for $400
and were still
going empty when rival hotels
were fully booked.
And in Trump's business home
base, New York
City, what I like to call
anecdata -- random
interviews, that is -- suggests
a similar
trend.
We're right across from the
Trump International
Hotel, right?
How many of you are more likely
to buy a Trump
product or go to the Trump Hotel
now?
Less likely?
WOMAN: I would be less inclined
now, given
the things that have come out
over the course
of this campaign.
MAN: Less likely as well.
Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN: Less likely.
MAN: Absolutely.
You don't want to give someone
business that
kind of treats people that way.
MAN: I never bought a Trump
product, but I
been in the Trump International
Hotel.
PAUL SOLMAN: Would you go there
again?
MAN: Not anymore.
WOMAN: I buy labels, but not
Trump, no longer.
MAN: I'm not buying no Trump
products.
PAUL SOLMAN: Why not?
MAN: Because he's an idiot.
PAUL SOLMAN: Of course, this is
true-blue
Midtown Manhattan, not exactly a
bastion of
Trump support.
On the other hand, liberal
enclaves are where
so many Trump properties sit.
And visits are demonstrably down
at almost
all of them, says Sarah Spagnolo
of mobile
app firm Foursquare, which
tracks foot traffic
electronically.
SARAH SPAGNOLO, Foursquare:
Fewer people are
going to his properties since he
announced
his campaign.
PAUL SOLMAN: This is actual data
from some
50 million monthly users of the
app.
DONALD TRUMP: You know, I'm
automatically
attracted to beautiful -- I just
start kissing
them.
It's like a magnet.
PAUL SOLMAN: Gathered before the
"Access Hollywood"
tape surfaced.
SARAH SPAGNOLO: When you look at
the 15 months
before Trump announced his
candidacy in June
of 2015, as compared to the 15
months following
that announcement, there's been
a drop in
absolute visits of 17 percent.
And when you look at women in
particular,
there's been a drop of 21
percent.
And we feel rather confident
that the decreases
that we're seeing in foot
traffic are likely
to be correlated with revenue.
PAUL SOLMAN: We did find one new
Trump consumer.
TRUMP SUPPORTER: I buy his hat.
I buy his T-shirt.
I buy everything.
PAUL SOLMAN: And when we asked
Donald Trump
Jr. for his appraisal, he
pooh-poohed the
notion of brand depreciation.
DONALD TRUMP JR., Son of Donald
Trump: People
are going to react.
They're going to overreact.
They're going to do what it
takes to -- oftentimes
to fill a sort of P.C. niche.
And I think, in the long run,
it's not going
to change anything for us.
PAUL SOLMAN: And given the
fervency of Trump's
support elsewhere, it's
impossible to know
otherwise.
DONALD TRUMP JR.: There's
aspects of it that
could be great.
We're not doing this to leverage
business,
you know?
When my father did this, he's
like, could
be good, could be bad, I don't
know.
But, in the end, none of that
matters, because
what matters is making sure we
fix the country.
I mean, that's the bigger
message.
So, for him, it was a much
bigger picture
than what -- there was no
consideration as
to what it would do to the
business.
It was about, I have to do this
an American.
PAUL SOLMAN: But Nela Richardson
chief economist
at real estate firm Redfin,
claims the brand
has become a clear and present
danger.
NELA RICHARDSON, Redfin: Before
Trump became
the Republican nominee in 2015,
there was
definitely a premium.
After Trump became the
Republican nominee,
that premium disappeared.
It was like there was nothing
special at all
about having a Trump-branded
condo.
PAUL SOLMAN: As a result, says
Richardson,
sellers are no longer touting
the Trump name.
NELA RICHARDSON: After that
brand took a hit,
and there was less good buyer
sentiment towards
the brand, there was this big
drop-off in
that use of the Trump name.
And so, for condos that are
currently listed,
far fewer of them actually use
that Trump
name in the listing.
PAUL SOLMAN: In fact, in
Manhattan, there's
even evidence that the Trump
brand is becoming
a liability.
According to StreetEasy.com,
sales of Trump-branded
condos dropped more than 26
percent in the
past year, a period when the
overall market
was up.
And at Trump International and
Trump Place,
more condos were delisted this
year than last.
Film and TV producer Linda
Gottlieb lives
at Trump Place.
LINDA GOTTLIEB, Film and TV
Producer: The
brand is only as good as the
name, right?
If you think of Trump, and you
think of beautiful
lobbies and well-built
buildings, then of
course the brand is worth
something.
But if you think of Trump and
you think of
racist, misogynist, lying,
anti-immigrant
-- what did I leave out?
Then the brand is certainly
worth a lot less.
PAUL SOLMAN: Trump Place is a
complex of seven
buildings, condos and
apartments, that Trump
helped develop, but doesn't own.
Recently, Gottlieb, who's lived
here for four
years, started a petition to
remove his name
from the rental buildings; 500
of her neighbors
have already signed.
LINDA GOTTLIEB: Mr. Trump can
put his name
on steaks and wine bottles and
neckties, and
I don't have to buy those
things.
But I do have to come into my
home every day,
and I do have to see his name.
PAUL SOLMAN: But she won't have
to see his
name as much as she used to.
The landlord is replacing the
Trump-named
doormats and building staff
uniforms.
LINDA GOTTLIEB: I'm embarrassed
to tell a
taxi driver where I live.
I'm embarrassed to have my kids
come.
People say you -- you live in a
Trump building?
How can you feel good about this
being your
home?
PAUL SOLMAN: Robert Passikoff
thinks even
the Trumps are now distancing
themselves from
the all-too-human brand.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF: The new hotel
chain that
Trump, in fact, does own is
going under a
name other than Trump.
PAUL SOLMAN: Scion.
ROBERT PASSIKOFF: Scion.
They're hoping that they will
sneak this one
by as something that millennials
will come
to.
PAUL SOLMAN: Nothing sneaky
about it, says
Donald Trump Jr., a key
executive of the Trump
Organization, and indeed the
scion of the
family.
DONALD TRUMP JR.: We wanted to
make sure that
we could actually take advantage
of some of
these great four-star properties
that are
luxury, that are more catered to
perhaps a
millennial crowd than what you
have seen,
whether it's Chicago, whether
it's D.C., whether,
you know, these opulent, very
luxury hotels.
So, we have been working on that
for years.
PAUL SOLMAN: And in any case, he
insists,
his father's controversial
campaign will have
little effect on the family
brand.
DONALD TRUMP JR.: I think his
brand has been
around.
He's been a relatively
controversial guy for
decades.
You know, I think that
continues.
I mean, there's some people that
may be affected
by it, and there's others that
you pick up.
In the end, it's probably, you
know, net-neutral,
and doesn't really change much.
But we will see.
PAUL SOLMAN: Reporting from
branded Trump
properties up and down the East
Coast, this
is economics correspondent Paul
Solman.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, online, the
election has
helped reveal that a lot of
voters are angry
about America's economic
challenges, but how
grounded is that anger in the
facts?
Test your knowledge at
PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Next to
another in our Brief
But Spectacular series, where we
hear from
interesting people about their
passions.
Tonight, Vaughn Brown and Ivan
Mayo, who were
both incarcerated as teenagers
at Rikers Island.
Now in their early 20s, they're
part of the
Getting Out and Staying Out
reentry program
based in East Harlem.
VAUGHN BROWN, Formerly
Incarcerated: Every
day you wake up while you're
incarcerated,
you think about that one day
that you got
locked up.
If I would have done things
differently 40
minutes, if I would have decided
that, you
know what, stay home, how much
different my
life could be and would be now.
IVAN MAYO, Formerly
Incarcerated: Once you
start doing grown man time, it's
grown man
business.
There's a lot of things you got
to do to keep
yourself safe, occupied and just
get home
in one piece.
VAUGHN BROWN: I got involved
with the wrong
crowd.
And that's not an excuse for the
bad decisions
that I made.
March 3, 2011, I got arrested
for attempt
robbery in the second-degree.
IVAN MAYO: When I was 13, I was
incarcerated.
I never really took things
serious.
I always thought things was a
joke until reality
really hit me.
VAUGHN BROWN: My first day in
Rikers Island,
it was kind of like, I'm
actually locked up.
I can't believe that I'm
You just wanted to like wake up
and it would
all be a dream.
IVAN MAYO: I felt like my life
was over.
I felt like there was no coming
back.
QUESTION: You spent 13 to 20 in
the system?
IVAN MAYO: Yes.
Yes, that bothers me a lot, too,
because I
never really had a childhood.
And then I say, and the way I
act now is how
I would have act when I was
younger.
VAUGHN BROWN: I got into a few
fights.
And it was -- a lot of it was
back to back.
If someone seen that this person
did something
to you and you did nothing about
it, then
you open the door for everyone.
And, eventually, they sent me to
the box for
about four months.
QUESTION: What is the box?
VAUGHN BROWN: Oh, it's solitary
confinement,
basically.
You're surrounded by your
thoughts, everything
you did, everything you wanted
to do, what
you could have did better.
After that, that I decided that,
whenever
I get out of jail, I'm never
coming back.
IVAN MAYO: I always tell myself
I'm not going
back.
And I'm going to always stick to
that.
I will never go back to prison.
It's not a place for anybody.
It's not a -- I wouldn't wish it
on my worst
enemy.
I don't think it corrects you.
I think it makes you kind of
wiser, but it
gets you a little angry at the
same time.
VAUGHN BROWN: Fortunately, for
me, when I
came out of the box, I went back
to school.
This year, I read about 70-plus
books, social
psychology, psychology, the
foundation of
social work practice, just to
name a few.
QUESTION: And you like cooking;
is that right?
IVAN MAYO: Oh, yes, of course.
I'm a chef, Mr. Chef.
QUESTION: What do you make?
IVAN MAYO: On occasional times,
I probably
make salad.
Everybody asks me.
They wake me up out of my sleep
if I'm sleeping
on the table, yo, make some
salad.
I'm like I can do that.
VAUGHN BROWN: With being branded
a felon,
you're denied employment,
housing, and education
in a lot of ways.
And for a lot of people, the
reason why they
turn back to crime is because,
if I'm being
denied all this, people now feel
like they
have limited options.
At that point, it's now easy for
a person
to say, you know what, I'm going
to stick
with what I'm already
comfortable with anyway.
IVAN MAYO: It do bother me when
people realize
that I have been in jail, and
they're like,
oh, you missed this, you missed
this type
of event, you missed this event.
Like -- and it bothers me.
I always wanted to be a part of
stuff.
How they say -- what is the
saying?
You trip and fall, you got to
get back up
or whatever?
I guess I tripped for a long
time man and
had to get back up on my feet.
My name is Ivan Mayo.
VAUGHN BROWN: My name is Vaughn
Brown.
IVAN MAYO: This is my Brief But
Spectacular
take...
VAUGHN BROWN: ... on getting out
and staying
out of jail.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you can watch
additional
Brief But Spectacular series on
our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Was there any
other way
for this World Series to end,
other than with
an epic finish?
Two of the league's oldest
teams, the Chicago
Cubs and the Cleveland Indians,
were both
eager to make history and ready
to end decades
of frustration as they battled
to the end.
The series finally ended with a
stunning roller-coaster
ride in game seven.
MAN: The Cubs win the World
Series!
HARI SREENIVASAN: After more
than a century
of frustration, fandom and
futility, the Cubs
celebrated in Cleveland.
They became the first baseball
team since
1979 to win the championship on
the road after
coming back from a
three-game-to-one deficit.
The game lasted more than
four-and-a-half-hours,
including a rain delay, before
finally ending
in the 10th inning.
Players raced around the field
and celebrated
in the locker room.
Center fielder Dexter Fowler hit
a home run
to start the game.
DEXTER FOWLER, Chicago Cubs
Player: I cried.
I cried like a little kid.
You know, it hasn't been done in
a century
and some.
So, to be a part of this is
definitely -- it's
a pleasure.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Fans young and
old gathered
in the streets outside Wrigley
Field, even
writing names of loved ones on
the outside
wall of the ballpark, and they
celebrated
throughout the city.
JERRY POE, Chicago Cubs Fan: I
have been waiting
for a long time, 76 years old.
And I couldn't wait to finally
get a championship.
And they did for me tonight,
finally.
MAN: You could have a heart
attack.
JERRY POE: Tell me about that.
WOMAN: They deserve it.
This is the best team we have
had in years.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Cubs
jumped out early
and kept building their lead,
getting runs
against the best pitching squad
of the postseason.
By the fifth inning, they were
up 5-1.
But then the Cubs pulled their
starting pitcher
for another ace, Jon Lester.
He threw a wild pitch that led
to two runs,
narrowing the gap.
And in the eighth inning, this
happened.
The game was tied.
After a rain delay, the Cubs
scored the winning
runs in the 10th.
Suddenly, the so-called curses
of past Cub
lore were gone, an idea that had
crept back
into some players during the
game.
BEN ZOBRIST, Chicago Cubs
Player: I got to
be honest.
When they came back in the
eighth, it was
on my mind a little bit.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Cubs manager
Joe Maddon
said it was time to end the talk
of curses.
JOE MADDON, Chicago Cubs Manger:
I love tradition.
I think tradition is worth time
mentally,
and tradition is worth being
upheld.
But curses and superstitions are
not.
So it's really great for entire
Cubdom to
get beyond that moment and
continue to move
forward, because now, based on
the young players
we have in this organization, we
have an opportunity
to be good for a long time.
HARI SREENIVASAN: For Cleveland,
whose fans
have been waiting for a title
for so long,
it was a painful loss.
But the underdog Indians never
gave up.
TERRY FRANCONA, Cleveland
Indians Manager:
I talked before the game about
being an honor
to be in a game like that.
But to be associated with those
players in
that clubhouse, it's an honor.
And I just told them that.
It's going to hurt.
It hurts because we care.
But they need to walk with their
head held
high, because they left nothing
on the field.
And that's all the things we
ever ask them
to do.
They tried until there was
nothing left.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Cubs were
greeted in
the early hours of the day in
Chicago.
Tomorrow, there will be a big
parade.
Some perspective on this moment,
from a longtime
sportswriter.
Lester Munson is a Chicago
native who has
covered sports for upwards of
two decades.
He is a senior writer for ESPN
and joins us
tonight from Chicago.
Where did you watch the game
last night?
LESTER MUNSON, ESPN: I watched
the game at
home with my wife.
We had a great time.
We stayed up late, and we loved
every minute
of it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You know,
there had to be
a few minutes you didn't love,
about the eighth
inning or so.
LESTER MUNSON: The eighth inning
was a killer.
If you are a lifetime Cub fan,
as I am, when
Davis hit that home run, you had
that sinking
feeling that we have had so many
times as
Cub fans.
You thought, oh, no, it's
happening again.
We're going to have another
tragedy.
But then this team rallied after
the rain
delay, a glorious ending after
that temporary
setback.
HARI SREENIVASAN: We don't do
sports much
on the "NewsHour."
Every once in a while, we
announce the winner
of the World Series or the Super
Bowl.
But why was this win so
important for the
city of Chicago?
LESTER MUNSON: It was important
for the city
of Chicago because of its
timing.
We are in a time of trouble and
turmoil here
in Chicago.
The political leadership is
inept.
The school system is in
financial trouble.
We have a murder rate that is
unacceptable.
There is more trouble than any
city should
have.
And then along comes this joyous
event, something
that everybody can enjoy,
something that everybody
can participate in.
And it was a bit of a surprise.
The Cubs have not been
successful over the
decades.
Although you could see this
coming, nevertheless,
it was a wonderful surprise at a
great time
in the history of this city.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now, put this
in perspective.
We all heard about the 108-year
drought of
this event.
But this is -- the essence of a
Cubs fan is
to be a guy who always roots for
the losing
team, the lovable loser
sometimes.
LESTER MUNSON: There's no
question about that.
It is such a wonderful
experience to go to
Wrigley Field.
Just to be there on a nice
evening or on a
sunny afternoon is an experience
all unto
itself.
Winning was never really
necessary for Cub
fans.
We packed the venue, even though
the team
was mediocre.
But, beginning last year, it
became apparent
that this was a different kind
of a Cub team.
The other Cub teams would have
collapsed last
night in the eighth inning.
This team, instead of
collapsing, rallied
and won a glorious championship
for our city.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And the way
that this happened,
literally, game seven of a World
Series, on
the road, coming back from a
three-game deficit,
so many different layers of odds
stacked against
this squad.
LESTER MUNSON: Everything seemed
to be going
wrong, and then, finally, Sunday
night, the
Cubs put on a terrific
demonstration of what
they have been doing all year.
They began the three-game
winning streak.
But, as you suggest, in
Cleveland, in front
of Cleveland fans, with
everything on the
line, it could have been a
tragedy.
But there is something about
this team.
They have a joy in what they do.
They are very good at what they
do, and they
did it brilliantly last night.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Is there --
what's the mood
that you get on the street?
Even in the past couple of
weeks, people have
been displaying their Chicago
roots around
the country where they are.
LESTER MUNSON: Here on the
streets of Chicago,
you see W. flags everywhere, the
Cub flag
that shows a W. for a winning
team.
It's on boats in the Chicago
River.
It's on cars in the streets.
It's in the windows of office
buildings.
It's on the gates of residential
You see it everywhere.
And you can see that everybody
is participating
in this great event.
Even Sox fans who might be
reluctant to join
the celebration are in the
middle of it now.
There is nothing they can do.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Does this
change some element
of the identity of being a
Chicago Cubs fan?
Now you're just another team
that's won the
World Series.
You don't have that long streak
going for
you, that thing to hate.
LESTER MUNSON: I could feel a
change among
Cubs fans during the end of the
season and
certainly during the playoffs.
Instead of just going and
enjoying the game,
all of a sudden, we're going to
games and
we are expecting to win.
We are expecting our team to do
heroic and
dramatic things.
And the reason we were expecting
that is they
kept doing it again and again
and again.
Even the players batting at the
end of the
lineup came through with clutch
hits, a grand
slam home run by Miguel Montero,
grand slam
home run which by Addison
Russell.
The things that these guys were
doing have
brought a whole new attitude and
a whole new
approach to the Cub nation.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Lester Munson,
joining us from Chicago, thank
you, and congratulations
on the win.
LESTER MUNSON: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now here's your
invitation
to join us Tuesday night for our
live election
results special right here on
PBS.
JOHN YANG: Election Day 2016,
the historic
end to a long campaign.
Who will voters elect as the
next president
of the United States?
Which party will control
Congress?
What else will we learn from the
voters?
Join "PBS NewsHour" for special
election night
coverage, analysis you won't
find anywhere
else, Tuesday November 8
starting at 8:00,
7:00 Central only on PBS.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's the
"NewsHour"
for tonight.
On Friday, we talk to voters in
the key swing
state of Pennsylvania about how
they see the
integrity of the election.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.